Guard should consume Drive, and go back to blocking up to a certain amount.  That amount is cumulative, and regenerates over time.
Backstep is free and avoids one melee/projectile hit.  Can avoid 3 total attacks per battle.

Keep the AI same as before, except make priority a property of the AI instead of a property of the skill.
calculate priority
build priority list
execute team plan based on priority list

Targeting types:
"Melee": Bash, Smash, Charge, Bite, Slash
Projectile: Rock Throw, Flame
Area: Earthquake, Thunder

Dodge can dodge Melee and Projectile, but not Area type attacks.  If I want to make an attack undodgeable, just call it "Area".

Skill tags: melee, projectile, area, usable, requires drive, consumes drive, stationary, finisher, single (can't be used in a combo)


Goblin
Bash: Hits directly in front and does damage

Goblin Slinger
Rock Throw: Fires a range 3 projectile that does damage
Triple Throw: Fires 3 range 3 projectiles.  Stationary.

Goblin Kamikaze
Self-Destruct: Explodes for a large amount of damage in radius 2.

Goblin Shaman
Bash: Hits directly in front and does damage.
Thunder: Calls lightning bolts in a certain pattern after 1 turn.
Flame: A range 4 projectile that explodes in radius 1.
Gale: Inflicts knockback in a wide area.

Tau
Smash: Hits in a large area in front

Tau Charger
Smash: Hits a large area in front
Charge: Rushes 3 tiles, pushing as it goes.

Tau Guard
Smash: Hits a large area in front
Guard: Defend against damage from the front.  Used whenever Drive is high enough.

Shauta, the Tau Chieftain
Smash
Guard
Charge
Earthquake: Three hits, each in an expanding radius going from 1 to 3.  Requires and consumes Drive.

Zombie
Has 2 movement instead of 3
Bite: A grab that hits directly in front and inflicts bleed.
Blood Scent: Each action phase, see if there's an enemy bleeding in range 5.  If so, gain the berserk effect for 2 turns.  Movement increased from 2 to 4, and damage against bleeding enemies increased by 50%.

Ghoul
Slash: Hits 2 tiles in front.
Relentless: Special.  Doubles resilience for 1 turn.  3 turn cooldown.

Ghoulguish
Bite: A grab that hits directly in front, inflicting bleed and slow.
Cold As A Corpse: Passive.  Each turn, apply a cold curse in radius 3 that lasts for 1 turn and stacks up to 3 times.  On the 3rd stack, the target is frozen for 2 turns.
Frozen Footsteps: Requires Drive.  Each tile stood on by Ghoulguish will deal damage and slow any enemy who stands on it.  The cold tile is a terrain effect, and will remain indefinitely unless replaced by another terrain effect.

Lugaru
Pounce: Teleport forward 2 tiles and attack.  Fast.
Bite: Hits directly in front and inflicts bleed.

White Lugaru
Pounce: Teleport forward 2 tiles and attack.  Fast.
Bite: A grab that hits directly in front and inflicts bleed.
Restore: Heals the ally with the lowest health.  Requires 2 turns of channeling.

Penril
Pounce: Teleport forward 2 tiles and attack.  Fast.
Double Swipe: Hits in Slash area twice.  High stagger.
Sidestep: Move randomly either up or down.
Poison Fume: Poisons all enemies within range 2.  Requires a small amount of Drive.  Poison does damage over time and lowers your resilience.